Add option to disable ExternalIP mitigation (CVE-2020-8554). (#31513)
cilium/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free.rst

destination IP address checking (e.g. AWS), the checking has to be disabled in
order for the DSR mode to work.

> By default cilium uses special ExternalIP mitigation CEV-2020-8554 MITM vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Cilium uses special ExternalIP mitigation for CVE-2020-8554 MITM vulnerability.
```
